complete this project into a modern polished production ready website. 
revisions: make it has modern ui, not boring colors or designs, make it feel like an app, also remove the mock data(the data shown aren't true like why do i have a high progress when i just made the account makes no sense) therefor make the data(progress, word learned,progress, grammar points etc in synced with their data in supabase. also you can change the UI designs and layouts but keep the feature right now i feel like its pretty bad,
also the lessons, remove French and italian so now its just Japanese, Chinese, Serbo-Croatian, Spanish, Korean, Russian, German
also make all the json 200 lessons(1 json each lesson, each lesson has 100 items) for each, thats 1400 jsons.
also provide sql if needed, i can also give u access to my supabase account so you dont make mistakes and can refer to tables and other stuff
the items in the current code are mocks and isn't correct because its English and mix which makes no sense, it has to match the language because in the current code, it has " also theres two duplicates of good, ok and bad and thats not right it should only appear in flashcards, also add settings in quiz.html and a progress bar, also default is 25 items before break (refer to original prompt) ALSO ADD SOUND EFFECT FOR good/correct, bad/incorrect and skip/ok  (those pairs have same sound effects) and also a button tap sound effect for all buttons, and also a and a break/finish sound effect

YOU CAN REDO MOST OF THE HTML'S UI AND MAKE IT JUST LIKE DUOLINGO(THE  ALSO MAKE SURE THEY LOOK GOOD IN MOBILE TOO.


the original prompt aka prompt i did before to get this current code:  site name: Lingora
about the app: language learning site but better than the others
note: make sure everything here reflects supabase, if needed. i can give you access to my supabase account/project just let me know
(please refer to the revisions)
utilize supabase, make it look like a highly qualified programmer made it, make it modern, look sleek, look clean, has app like feel to it(smooth, interactive, fast, non boring), interactive, advanced hovers, transitions, animations, colors, design, texts, features and more) supports mobile, tablet, pc display/size depends on their device
Prioritize clean separation of UI and logic
App should feel responsive, light, playful, but smart — like a blend of Duolingo, Notion, and Figma

html:
login.html
signup.html
forgot.html (for inputting email when you forgot password, you get email on that email for reset)
reset.html (for resetting password)
confirm.html (for signup)

signup:
username
email
password
password(again)

home.html (has hovers on the left for home, lessons, subscriptions, settings, log out)(has profile circle button on the upper right) (has streaks count use fire for streaks, progress bar, learned words, learned grammar, word of the day, top 10 students leaderboards searches in supabase the person with most xp earned even if they dont have the highest xp) in the entire site if they earned a lot of xp in maybe like a short amount of time they will rank higher (they can be 250 xp moving rapidly to 400 xp and outrank a not active 2000xp person, a tab for get started area "pick a language" button (redirects them to lessons.html), continue studying area, review(review.html - this will only be useful if theyve studied before it prioritizes items they struggled with alot) (goal tab they can set their goal like number of vocab they wanna learn, they click "set goal" overlay opens and they can input the number of vocabs they wanna learn)) xp reflects progress bar in home.html. 

profile.html (customize button(opens an overlay: can change profile, can set nickname but cant change username, can change ), tabs to see your achievements, tabs xp, friendslist(opens an overlay you can click on it, search someones username, and click "add friend" and when ur already friends with them when u hover it turns to "remove friend" and u can remove them as friends this reflects in supabase theres also "block" and "trade" button, theres no message features, you can see ppls achievements, xp, items collection, you can trade them and give them gifts by buying them stuff using ur xp. you click "send gift" it opens overlay you pick one and click "gift" they will see it in notifs), shop button (opens an overlay, they can buy stuff with their xp.)
shop overlay: shows number of xp you have at top right, scrollable, wide and not too big not too small, but preferably wide and tall. 
cheap ones -  75- taco 130- baguette 280- pasta 500 - cute chibi plushie  800 - game console
medium ones - 1000 - german cap 1800 chocolate bigfoot 2500 - hinamatsuri doll 3700 - Matryoshka dolls
expensive ones - 4000 - flying potion  10000 - chinese dragon 36000 - ifel tower 50000 - enchanted book 80,000 island 100000 - literal golden retriever
these items will have 3d image but you can put a placeholders there for now like an emoji or colored blocks make it easy to change the items appearance.
you can offer, decline and accept just like adopt me.
how trade works and trading overlay:
you click on "trade" it opens an overlay: theres a search item but the only item u can trade are from ur collection, theres 4 slots for your item you and u should drag and drop an item from your collection and then theres 4 slots for your desired item u can use search, ur non collected items can be drag and dropped to those slots but never to ur own slots bc u dont own it, it doesnt work its locked. after than you click "send trade" you can also write a message attached to it, they will receive a notif and can view it, they get taken to trade.html they can decline, offer or accept, when they decline you just receive a "trade declined by ____ notice" but when they accept the trade, an overlay opens asking "are you sure? you will lose items in your collection" and a yes and cancel button, when they click cancel nothing happens they will lose nothing, when they click yes then their stuffs gone and they get the stuff offered to them, but when they click offer an overlay pops up and theres 4 slots for their items and the one offered to them. they can input any of their item but they cannot change the other slot its fixed bc theyre counter offering they can also put a message attached.. and they can click "send offer" that gives a trade notif to the other user and they can accept, decline and offer. 

lessons.html (lists of lessons)(each language has levels beginner-intermediate-advanced-expert or depending on what language like in japanese theres, kana, jlpt n5, n4, n3, n2, n1, include the writing system all the time unless if its latin like Spanish and german, for Serbo-croatian do cyrillic)
languages: Japanese, Chinese, Serbo-Croatian, Spanish, Korean, Russian, German
each language is expected to have 20,000 (average for native speaker)
in lessons.html that is where u can find all languages(design tab like tells you how many levels and how many words you can learn from it, and "view writing system" and it shows overlay of writing system and how to read in latin) when you click on one it leads you to lessonslist.html? bc its dynamic and it depends on what language they chose thats why there's a "?". 

lessonslist.html (where the levels of that picked language are shown. user picks a language from lessons.html right? when they make it to lessonslist.html theres tabs of levels they wanna learn and an overlay pops up with all 200 lessons there, the categories depend on the language but 100 vocab each lesson(25 quizes chunk with breaks so thats four sets but will take few more sets because there would be mistakes you wanna master by repetition). its very extensive because the goal is 20,000 words, 200 lessons(100 words each lesson, the quizzes have breaks which are when they answered items, during that break theres always a tab that shows how many they got wrong, got correct, skipped, failed, learned words, learned grammar, remainder items, then they have option to "restart quiz" and "continue" when they restart quiz they do it all again same items, when they continue they go to the next quiz) the lessons design(in a tab, has a arrow button meaning to "learn" it which redirects them to learn.html? the "?" is there since its dynamic and depends on the lesson clicked in lessonslist.html, has a "see all items" where they can see all the items in that lesson, the vocabs, grammar etc and theres a toggle star for each which is the starred feature)
learn.html (uses json and logic for the item's data, has progress bar, has settings overlay: they can pick between the 4 modes: flashcards, drag and drop, fill in the blank, type, multiple answers, and match they can toggle those they can do all but never zero. explanation: 4 modes (flashcards(spaced repetition with bad, ok, good), drag and drop to a sentence, fill in the blanks word/grammar, write answer of the meaning of/translation of the word they can fail, skip and submit. fail (purposely to know the answer when they fail it progress bar becomes red and says "fail" then at the bottom it shows a big tab of "Whoops, The correct answer is "____", "______", etc it can have many answers) then for "skip" it means they already mastered that it wont appear next time anymore but it can if they go to settings and click "view skipped items" they can unskip it and skip more items there, and for "submit" it depends if they got it wrong it will say "incorrect" and red progress bar, and it will say "correct" if they got it right also theres alternative words they put any of those and theyre correct, multiple answers theyre shown a word or to be filled in sentence and they can choose from the 4 answers, match word to meaning) (when they get something wrong it will flash and faint for 1 sec "incorrect" and progress bar becomes red, same with "correct", "good" but is green, "skip", "ok" too but is yellow, lastly "fail", "bad" is when red (use json and logic like duolingo) restart quiz, restart lesson, starred only toggle(only starred items are shown), shuffle toggle, "view skipped items" they can unskip it, flashcards section theres a top - bottom toggle they can toggle none (random), both(both of them, basically just like none which is random), any (if they toggle just top it will only first show top but if bottom it will only do bottom first) and lastly set number of items to study by default its 25 items per quiz) also when they get something wrong theres a "incorrect: the correct answer is ____" overlay pause, right? well theres also option in that overlay to say "i was correct" and it will mark them correct incase they made a typo they have that option. ALSO THE "learned words" "learned grammar" they will appear in the home.html it reflects. also u earn xp's when u study every break. one correct = 5 xp, one wrong = -3 xp one fail = unlike wrong it doesn't deduct bc the player isn't aware. skip and ok those dont give xp but good = 4xp bad = -2xp

subscriptions.html
Free $0 - (limited 5 hearts, no streak freeze after 24 hours it resets when you dont study, no access to locked levels must start from beginning and complete them to get to higher levels, can only learn 3 languages)
Premium Monthly $10 - (30 days, unlimited hearts, unlock all lessons, has streak freeze, has access to cheat sheets, has double xps than default, has access to all languages)
Premium Year $50 (everything in premium monthly but this is one year version or 366 days)
payment method: gcash, paypal, bluewallet, buy me a coffee

settings.html
>account info: shows their username and email(email has asterisk but first and last letter's are not asterisked)
>reset password(they get an email, it utilizes reset.html just like in forgot.html), change email(they just put their password (twice, to confirm) then they can change email, they will input their new email and receive an email that will redirect them to "change-email.html" and that confirms their new email. thats all their email's changed)
>danger zone : delete account


youre incharge of all the js. one go all this without error do not mess up, make sure everything is set up no missing files, dysfunctional features, all buttons must work, about payment just put a placeholder for my account where the payment will go, for quiz/lesson.html integrate all 200 lessons, per language. make all json files for all 200 lessons for each language, also japanese, korean and chinese have a romanji since their characters are hard to read. make sure that the data for all users are synced according to their account. it should be ready for deployment no bugs at all. you can implement more features, or add the ones i missed. it should have good UI and doesnt look basic. its modern and functional. also once they finished all lessons, they get "1,000,000 xp, a certificate that they completed the entire 200 lessons, (how that works is that they finished it all right example they finished all, like all lessons an overlay pops up with animations of emoji celebratory showing up, and they said "congratulations (their name)! you completed all bla bla"). make sure buttons, features all work, if i missed something you can add it, make sure all features are functional and has good UI. make sure its ready to deploy also im using netlify so make sure its netlify supported



paypal client id: AUB_BkRAgyYM3-eJ6LuPN4NEeaLnUjJ9RMq8L0cIZhZdJLx8u8veLyKTT6PBf-lznI9x8POqHTx912zp
paypal secret key: EMmXZcSt9xyadwI3qEb3LQOGtfMYFdxtJwpczW3R98K4i9sz5YpmViRs9XGdye68yrgY1zB5E8AKRUik